Added firebase emulator instructions (#100)
firebase/genkit: docs/firebase.md

Open the web app by visiting the URL printed by the `deploy` command. The app
requires you to sign in with a Google account, after which you can initiate
endpoint requests.

## Developing using Firebase Local Emulator Suite

> Firebase offers a [suite of emulators for local development](https://firebase.google.com/docs/emulator-suite), which you can use Genkit.

Author: ```suggestion
Firebase offers a [suite of emulators for local development](https://firebase.google.com/docs/emulator-suite), which you can use with Genkit.
```

> Firebase offers a suite of emualtors for local development and you can use Genkit with [Firebase Local Emulator Suite](https://firebase.google.com/docs/emulator-suite).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Firebase offers a suite of emulators for local development and you can use Genkit with [Firebase Local Emulator Suite](https://firebase.google.com/docs/emulator-suite).
```

> Firebase offers a suite of emulators for local development and you can use Genkit with [Firebase Local Emulator Suite](https://firebase.google.com/docs/emulator-suite).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Firebase offers a [suite of emulators for local development](https://firebase.google.com/docs/emulator-suite), which you can use Genkit.
```

> To use Genkit with Firebase emulator start the emulator like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Genkit with the Firebase Emulator Suite, start the the Firebase emulators like this:
```

```bash

> GENKIT_ENV=dev firebase emulators:start --inspect-functions

Reviewer: Is this sufficient? I've got the following:

```
"serve-genkit": "npm run build && GENKIT_ENV=dev GENKIT_REFLECTION_ON_STARTUP_FAILURE=ignore firebase emulators:start --inspect-functions"
```

I haven't tried which is the absolute essential number of parameters to make it work...

Author: We made a few changes, `GENKIT_REFLECTION_ON_STARTUP_FAILURE` is not necessary now.

```

> this will run your code in the emulator and run genkit framework in dev mode which launches and exposes the Genkit reflection API (but not the Dev UI).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This will run your code in the emulator and run the Genkit framework in development mode, which launches and exposes the Genkit reflection API (but not the Dev UI).
```

> To launch the Genkit Dev UI that talks to your code running inside the Firebase Emulator run this command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then, launch the Genkit Dev UI with the `--attach` option to connect it to your code running inside the Firebase Emulator:
```

```bash

> genkit start --attach http://localhost:3100 --port 4001

Reviewer: I have 

```
"genkit-emulator": "GCLOUD_PROJECT=fir-genkit-fundamental-01 && genkit start --attach http://localhost:3100 --port 4444",
```

Author: In attach mode runtime env var (e.g. `GCLOUD_PROJECT`) are not required.

```

> To see traces from Firestore in the Dev UI you can navigate to the Inspect tab and toggle the "Dev/Prod" switch. When toggled to "prod" it will be loading traces from firestore.

Reviewer: Which Firestore instance, exactly, will the traces be fetched from?

Author: That depends... if you have firestore emulator configured then it will pull from emulated firestore, if not then from prod.
